Polina Gantman
CELTA(Cambridge Certificate in Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages, 2009).
CPE (=9 in IELTS, Cambrige Certificate, Level C2). She' s been consulting in English in Mail.
RuGroup for 6 years. She worked for Yandex, Ashmanov and Partners etc.

Polina graduated from Moscow State University of Electronic Technologies with a MA in Translation and 
Linguistics (2007), passed CELTA (Cambridge Certificate in Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages,
2009) course and successfully upgraded her skills to Proficiency Level in April 2016, CPE ( =9 in IELTS, 
Cambrige Certificate, Level C2). She has an 8 years' experience in teaching English to various levels
(from Beginner to Advanced) working with groups of adults or individual students in IT sector. So far she has
taught such courses as General English, Job Interview, Technical Writing Course, Writing Business Letters, 
Business English, Preparation for IELTs, Speaking and Grammar Course etc.
Требования

To simplify your technical English,  you have to at the very least  know the basics, meaning that
the minimum requirement for this course is Pre-intermediate — Intermediate Level which is B1-B2 in
Common European Framework of Reference for Languages. 

Also, you have to be able to spend  3-6 hours a week watching and reading lectures and doing practice tasks.

You need to be interested in technical writing for your work or/and studies. So it is good if you 
have already encountered with some technical  English  texts. It is even better if you have already 
tried writing something whether it was for an open source, for your own project or for your job/studies. 

If you are merely a reader of APIs, tutorials and manuals, still this course is useful for you. 
You will improve your reading skills as well since they are closely connected with Grammar, Writing, 
Punctuation and Vocab explained on the course.
Описание

The course is fully conducted in English so you are going to improve your Listening, Reading, Vocabulary, 
Grammar and Writing Skills.

It includes theoretical information about Technical Writing, Grammar, Vocabulary and Punctuation 
(from various reliable grammar sources and the best manuals of style) combined with a variety of 
tasks from actual APIs and tutorials (Python, Jquery, Dropbox API, Gambit etc.)  to practice your new skills.

The course starts with a test to check your command of English.

Then the first part gives you a general overview of the concept of tech writing and its simplification 
as well as vocabulary used in this particular kind of texts. Next you will dive into two extensive 
modules on Grammar used in modern technical writing. In the last module you are going to  have some 
input  and practice on punctuation as well as Simplified Technical English rules followed by an End-of-course Test.

Additionally, every module includes a Review section which helps you to 'rotate' new concepts to boost 
your long-term memory.

It is for those who would like to learn how to write easy and comprehensible specifications to their 
code, software, etc. according to international standards as well as for those who are only interested in reading.

It gives practical and useful knowledge only; there is no information on this course which you would
never use in real life work-related situations.

So if you need technical writing for studies, work, and/or your own current or future projects, 
the course is for you.
